That's machine learning, it's the science of getting computers to learn without being explicitly programmed.
Machine Learning had grown up as a sub-field of AI or artificial intelligence. We wanted to build intelligent machines. It turns out that there are a few basic things that we could program a machine to do, such as how to find the shortest path from a to b, like in your GPS. But for the most part, we just did not know how to write an explicit program to do many of the more interesting things, such as perform web search, recognize human speech, diagnose diseases from X-rays or build a self-driving car. The only way we knew how to do these things was to have a machine learn to do it by itself.
Here's a definition of what is machine learning that is attributed to Arthur Samuel. She defined machine learning as the field of study that gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed.
The two main types of machine learning are supervised learning and unsupervised learning. By far, the most used types of learning algorithms today are supervised learning, unsupervised learning, and recommender systems.  The other thing we're going to spend a lot of time on in this specialization is practical advice for applying learning algorithms. This is something I feel pretty strongly about.
# It doesn't really work like that and so too, in machine learning, making sure you have the tools is really important and so is making sure that you know how to apply the tools of machine learning effectively. That's what you get in this class, the tools as well as the skills to apply them effectively. #
Supervised learning part 1
Supervised learning, refers to algorithms that learn x to y or input to output mappings. 
The key characteristic of supervised learning is that you give your learning algorithm examples to learn from.T hat includes the right answers, whereby right answer, I mean, the correct label y for a given input x. Spam filtering, speech recognition, machine translation, online advertising etc.,self-driving car, visual inspection.
One of the things you see later in this class is how you can decide whether to fit a straight line, a curve, or another function that is even more complex to the data.
To define a little bit more terminology, this "housing price prediction" is the particular type of supervised learning called regression. By regression, I mean we're trying to predict a number from infinitely many possible numbers such as the house prices in our example, which could be 150,000 or 70,000 or 183,000 or any other number in between. 
But there's also a second major type of supervised learning problem called classification.
